{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green116\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 Entities		\ulnone \
\

\b Note\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 	aText	= the input  text for a single use instance\
	aTitle	= assumes that each note is a separate entity\
	aCreationDate  = timestamp for when the note object was created\
	aEditDate = timestamp for when the note object was edited\
		\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 	
\b0 rEvent	= \
	rFolder`	=\
	rLocation	= \
	rTags	=	tag objects associated with this note
\b \
\
Event 
\b0 =	EVENT \

\b 	aType 
\b0  = FILE, TODO, APPOINTMENT and PROJECT\

\b \
	
\b0 aEventDate	= for Appointments this is the date of the appointment, for tasks and projects this is the due date. For Files 					this is the date the file was appended/edited. \
	aTitle\
	aPriority\
	\

\b Memo 
\b0  = STATE of STATE\
		 This entity just links the note entity to the grouping of events. \
\
\
\

\b File
\b0 	=  ACTIVITY\
		this entity is essentially a collection of notes.  \
\
		main view =  a table view with just text for each note\
		edit view = a editable table view where each note can be viewed and edited separately. \
					option 1 = delete note from table view\
					option 2 = edit note -> moves note text to text box in topView\
					option 3 = reorder note -> assumption is that temporal order is not paramount. \
							ADD: need attribute to hold the sense order [0...n] \
		merge view = a single text view which merges all text for the notes. \
					merge option 1 =  the user can discard all children notes \
					merge option 2 = keep children notes \
					merge option 3 = discard merge note\
					merge option 4 = add child note to file. \
		\
\

\b ToDo	
\b0 = SEMELFACTIVE:\
			this entity is a future task to be accomplished. \
			has a due date/ time.\
	aToDoType = \
\

\b Appointment	
\b0 =	ACHIEVEMENT\
\
	aAppointmentType = 	\
\

\b Project	
\b0 = ACCOMPLISHMENT\
			\

\b Folder	
\b0 = STATE\
			just a collection of Event Objects\
				\
\
\
	\
3/3/12\
current state of the data model has a note linking to multiple events. \
This is ok since a single note can be linked to document AND to a memo AND to possibly a Task or Project\
\
but current state has each Event linking to a single Note. \
this is fine for Memos, Appointments and Tasks, but not for Projects and Documents.  Like folders, any document or project should be able to be linked to a multitude of notes. \
\
\

\b \
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\pardirnatural

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 //KVO (Key Value Observing). Do a search on "Key-Value Observing Quick Start" in the XCode help system for more info.  You would want to make objects that need to be notified of changes call observeValueForKeyPathfObject:change:context: on the data container object. Then, they will get notified automatically when the object changes.
\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 	\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab560\pardirnatural

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 \
\
\
\
/////\
}